Two python notebooks to do the basic processing of the TUNL HPGE data.

1) preprocessing.ipynb works on the rootfiles generated by the MVME software. it saves a .pkl file containing the amplitude and channel times for the four HPGE, indexed 0,2,4,6.
it also contains the trigger_time as well, common to all 4 detectors. This stage of the processing is very memory intensive because of the structure of the initial rootfiles. 
Therefore this script should be run when almost nothing else is running on your computer, otherwise you can get memory related crashes.

Update the input and output directories as needed, as well as the string associated with the rootfile's TTree if it differs from the one provided. The name of this string
is determined when the MVME processing is run, so it may depend on dataset.

2) TOF_processing.ipynb works on the .pkl files generated by preprocessing.ipynb. it calculates the time of flight of each amplitude event and corrects the time of flight glitches. This script will
save both a .pkl file (for python analysis) and a .root file (for ROOT analysis). TOF_processing.ipynb also makes a plot of TOF spectrum, showing effect of correcting the DAQ code glitch.

Note: 
1) the .pkl file generated by preprocessing contains the raw data of all four HPGE for a given run. 
2) the .pkl / .root files for TOF_processing contain tof processed data for one particular detector for a given run.
repeat the TOF processing and generate separate files for other detectors if desired.

I have left the data as uncalibrated amplitudes, since there are a few datasets where the calibration changes.

Make sure that the latest versions of Pandas and Uproot are installed, since part of the code depends on the latest versions.
